examples/security/rmisslex2/README.md, before:


#How to setup SSL

Change to subdirectory resources/ to do Steps 1-5. Use password test123 (as it is embedded in the code).

1. 	Generate a keystore that has a key pair (public and private key) along with a
	self-signed certificate. (PKCS12 is an industry standard store type)

	keytool -deststoretype pkcs12 -genkey -alias SecureServer -keyalg RSA -keystore Server_Keystore

2. 	Examine the contents of the generated Server Keystore

	keytool -list -v  -keystore Server_Keystore

3.  Create a self-signed certificate.

	keytool -export -alias SecureServer -keystore Server_Keystore -rfc -file Server.cer

4. 	To see what the certificate looks like.

	cat Server.cer

5.  Next we import the server certificate into a truststore that can be used by
    the client.

	keytool -import -alias SecureServer -file Server.cer -keystore Client_Truststore

6.	To verify the contents of the truststore that we created, we issue
	the following command. The contents of the truststore should
	contain a trustedCertEntry, which means that a private key is
	not available and should not be.

	keytool -list -v  -keystore Client_Truststore

In our example, we are working with a self-signed certificate instead of
certificates signed by Certification Authority (CA). If there is a need to
get the certificate signed by a CA then a Certificate Signing Request(CSR)
needs to be generated. The generated CSR, then, should to be submitted
along with other pertinent information to a Certification Authority such
as VeriSign or USPS, who will then digitally sign the certificate.

Now change back to the top level examples directory.


#To run the server:

cd server; java SquareServer [registryPort] &

If you compiled the server in a package, then provide appropriate classpath
and rmi codebase VM arguments.

java -classpath classDir -Djava.rmi.server.codebase=file:classDir/ -Djava.security.policy=mysecurity.policy SquareServer & 


#To run the client:

cd ../client; java SquareClient  localhost <value> <numcalls> [registryPort]


To see all the network transmissions, try


java -Djavax.net.debug=all SquareClient localhost

Commit message:

Update client code for security examples to use password

examples/security/rmisslex2/README.md, after:


#How to setup SSL

Change to subdirectory resources/ to do Steps 1-5. Use password test123 (as it is embedded in the code).

1. 	Generate a keystore that has a key pair (public and private key) along with a
	self-signed certificate. (PKCS12 is an industry standard store type)

	keytool -deststoretype pkcs12 -genkey -alias SecureServer -keyalg RSA -keystore Server_Keystore

2. 	Examine the contents of the generated Server Keystore

	keytool -list -v  -keystore Server_Keystore

3.  Create a self-signed certificate.

	keytool -export -alias SecureServer -keystore Server_Keystore -rfc -file Server.cer

4. 	To see what the certificate looks like.

	cat Server.cer

5.  Next we import the server certificate into a truststore that can be used by
    the client. Set the same password test123 (as it is embedded in the client
	code as well)

	keytool -import -alias SecureServer -file Server.cer -keystore Client_Truststore

6.	To verify the contents of the truststore that we created, we issue
	the following command. The contents of the truststore should
	contain a trustedCertEntry, which means that a private key is
	not available and should not be.

	keytool -list -v  -keystore Client_Truststore

In our example, we are working with a self-signed certificate instead of
certificates signed by Certification Authority (CA). If there is a need to
get the certificate signed by a CA then a Certificate Signing Request(CSR)
needs to be generated. The generated CSR, then, should to be submitted
along with other pertinent information to a Certification Authority such
as VeriSign or USPS, who will then digitally sign the certificate.

Now change back to the top level examples directory.


#To run the server:

cd server; java SquareServer [registryPort] &

If you compiled the server in a package, then provide appropriate classpath
and rmi codebase VM arguments.

java -classpath classDir -Djava.rmi.server.codebase=file:classDir/ -Djava.security.policy=mysecurity.policy SquareServer & 


#To run the client:

cd ../client; java SquareClient  localhost <value> <numcalls> [registryPort]


To see all the network transmissions, try


java -Djavax.net.debug=all SquareClient localhost
